TBS User-Scoped account management guide (#3336)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/configure-user-scoped-account-management/index.md

---

> title: Configure User-Scoped account management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configure user-scoped account management
```

meta:
  - name: description

>     content: The MyAccount API now provides user-scoped endpoints that don’t require admin tokens. End users only need a bearer token to update their email and phone authenticators.

Reviewer 2: users can also update their profile

>     content: The MyAccount API now provides user-scoped endpoints that don’t require admin tokens. End users only need a bearer token to update their email and phone authenticators.

Author: ```suggestion
    content: The MyAccount API now provides user-scoped endpoints that don’t require admin tokens. End users only need a bearer token to update their profile, or email and phone authenticators.
```

>     content: The MyAccount API now provides user-scoped endpoints that don’t require admin tokens. End users only need an active user session to update their email and phone authenticators.

Author: ```suggestion
    content: The MyAccount API now provides user-scoped endpoints that don’t require admin tokens. End users only need a bearer token to update their email and phone authenticators.
```
